README.md, before:

# Tabletop Internet Retail Company (Back End)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Description
AS A manager at an internet retail company, I WANT a back end for my e-commerce website that uses the latest technologies SO THAT my company can compete with other e-commerce companies.

## Table of Contents
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Screenshots and Video](#screenshots_video)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  - [License](#license)
      


## Usage
GIVEN a functional Express.js API, 
WHEN I add my db name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an env file, 
THEN I am able to connect to a db using Sequelize. 
WHEN I enter schema and seed commands, 
THEN a development db is created and is seeded with test data.  
WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia for categories, products, or tags, 
THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON.  
WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia, 
THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my db.



## Tests
INSOMNIA (see screenshots)



## Installation
Clone the starter code:https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/fantastic-umbrella 
npm itit -y, 
npm i express, 
npm i mysql2, 
npm i sequelize, 
npm i dotenv. 


## Screenshots and Video
![Main Shot](./images/screenshot1.png)
![Additional aspects](./images/screenshot2.png)
![Additional aspects](./images/screenshot3.png)


VIDEO:


## Contributing
Contact below:



## Questions

Have questions?
You can find me on GitHub:
https://github.com/BeKind-Rewind

Or email me at:
challenge641@gmail.com


## License

Licensed under the [MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) license.

Commit message:

updated readme to include demo videos

README.md, after:

# Tabletop Internet Retail Company (Back End)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Description
AS A manager at an internet retail company, I WANT a back end for my e-commerce website that uses the latest technologies SO THAT my company can compete with other e-commerce companies.

Uses the MySQL2 and Sequelize packages to connect to a MySQL database.

Uses the dotenv package to use environment variables to store sensitive data, like a user’s MySQL username, password, and database name.

Syncs Sequelize models to a MySQL database on the server start.



## Table of Contents
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Videos](#videos)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  - [License](#license)
      


## Usage
GIVEN a functional Express.js API, 
WHEN I add my db name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an env file, 
THEN I am able to connect to a db using Sequelize. 
WHEN I enter schema and seed commands, 
THEN a development db is created and is seeded with test data.  
WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia for categories, products, or tags, 
THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON.  
WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia, 
THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my db.



## Tests
INSOMNIA (see Screenshots & Videos)



## Installation
Clone the starter code:https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/fantastic-umbrella 
npm itit -y, 
npm i express, 
npm i mysql2, 
npm i sequelize, 
npm i dotenv. 


## Videos

DEMO VIDEO:
Technical Criteria:
Create the schema from the MySQL shell; seed the database from the command line; start the application’s server: 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kn-W2XscY0i6Cnogo1wMHzC9Sq2EAuPC/view

Walkthru testing routes for categories, products, and tags in Insomnia: 
GET ALL and GET BY ID routes
https://drive.google.com/file/d/17C_XElLOH4mMaU1pRFxGwzLjEVDjnhRp/view

POST, DELETE and GET ALL routes
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1H3szHlngf0jEtBFi6DNrtBjEEu-sTi6G/view

PUT and GET ALL routes
https://drive.google.com/file/d/14xAO-uM66GrY-0Delp39BnjANq-k4UX6/view


## Contributing
Contact below:



## Questions

Have questions?
You can find me on GitHub:
https://github.com/BeKind-Rewind

Or email me at:
challenge641@gmail.com


## License

Licensed under the [MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) license.
